README.md, before:

# Novel Gen 2017

Experiments in text generation

check this out: https://github.com/dariusk/corpora

other ideas
-smart markov - given a basic sentence structure "he was old", take the middle bridge word ("was"), search for that in the text, then work in both directions to fill in a markov.

-extract proper nouns - scan a text to find the most common proper nouns. these wil be the names of the main characters.  these can then be replaced with a set of generated character names.

-simple english - use a list of simple english sentences and the improve them by adding adjectives, synonyms and replacing proper nouns.

-reversing - take a paragraph of a text. go through each sentence and rip out the structure of (noun, verb, noun).  use that to the build more complex paragraphs.

-Extract structure - scan a text simply for sentence, paragraph and chapter breaks.

-word cloud - find the most common words, phrases in a text (minus common words: the, and)

-interleaving - taking the structure of one text and apply the sentences of another text when they match the rough format.

-simplify - take a sentence and remove all adjectives, extra words.

-perlin noise to generate structure

-need the ability to find proper nouns in a sentence (famous names, etc) and create a replacement + store a dictionary for future replacements.

-name generation of the same style (fantasy -> fantasy, modern -> modern, place->place)

vocab: https://github.com/tasdikrahman/vocabulary or http://stevenloria.com/tutorial-wordnet-textblob/
https://textblob.readthedocs.io/en/dev/

http://rwet.decontextualize.com/book/textblob/

Part of Speech tags: https://www.clips.uantwerpen.be/pages/mbsp-tags

Commit message:

small tweak to markovSentence / paragraph gen

README.md, after:

# Novel Gen 2017

Experiments in text generation

check this out: https://github.com/dariusk/corpora

other ideas
-smart markov - given a basic sentence structure "he was old", take the middle bridge word ("was"), search for that in the text, then work in both directions to fill in a markov.

-extract proper nouns - scan a text to find the most common proper nouns. these wil be the names of the main characters.  these can then be replaced with a set of generated character names.

-simple english - use a list of simple english sentences and the improve them by adding adjectives, synonyms and replacing proper nouns.

-reversing - take a paragraph of a text. go through each sentence and rip out the structure of (noun, verb, noun).  use that to the build more complex paragraphs.

-Extract structure - scan a text simply for sentence, paragraph and chapter breaks.

-word cloud - find the most common words, phrases in a text (minus common words: the, and)

-interleaving - taking the structure of one text and apply the sentences of another text when they match the rough format.

-simplify - take a sentence and remove all adjectives, extra words.

-perlin noise to generate structure

-need the ability to find proper nouns in a sentence (famous names, etc) and create a replacement + store a dictionary for future replacements.

-name generation of the same style (fantasy -> fantasy, modern -> modern, place->place)

-need to save textlist for a full chapter / paragraph instead of reparsing every sentence (tooooo slow)

vocab: https://github.com/tasdikrahman/vocabulary or http://stevenloria.com/tutorial-wordnet-textblob/
https://textblob.readthedocs.io/en/dev/

http://rwet.decontextualize.com/book/textblob/

Part of Speech tags: https://www.clips.uantwerpen.be/pages/mbsp-tags
